hello friends today I am going to show
you how to make faster your Windows 8.1
PC in just seven steps
so let's get started so the first step
is screen saver so first you go to your
desktop and then right-click on your
desktop and go to personalize after
going to personalize there are four
boxes one two three four the fourth box
is screen saver click on it and don't
select blank select none after selecting
none click apply and ok now the second
step is disable startup apps so what our
startup apps when you start your PC
there are some apps which are started
automatically this are called startup
apps so how to disable that unnecessary
apps go to your text bar right click on
your text bar and click on task manager
by default your tux manager will be like
this so click on more details and then
click on startup after clicking on
startup select the unnecessary app and
click disable disables the unnecessary
apps I have disabled them already closed
task manager now the third step is
registry tweaks go to your internet
browser and then go to my website
now go to the more tab and select
downloads now scroll down until you see
make faster Windows 8.1 PC now there is
click here option in the blue text click
on it now a mediafire web page will open
click on that green download button
which is only 1 point 9 kb I will save
it to my desktop now open that zip file
and extract that folder registry Twix
collection to make Windows faster after
extracting open that folder now run
registry tweaks to make Windows faster
click yes
again click yes and click ok now there
is a second
reg edit file if you want to revenge or
restore the default settings you can run
this graduated file now close this
window now the fourth step is power
options first go to your charms bar
settings tab and click on control panel
after going to control panel search in
control panel powers after searching the
power you will have a power of Shen tab
click on it now in preferred plan
select high-performance make sure you
have ticked high-performance after doing
this use this window now the fifth step
is this cleanup now go to your Windows
Explorer and then right click on your
main drive means see local disk C Drive
right click on that and go to properties
now there is a button disk cleanup click
on it now a window will pop up in that
window tick all this file make sure you
take all this now click on OK now click
on delete files it will clean up the
unnecessary files or junk files you can
say from your local disk C it will take
few minutes this process will not clean
your any personal documents or files
like photos and videos it will clean
only the unnecessary files so don't
think that it will clean my whole PC no
no it's not like that it will clean only
the junk files ok so now the this
cleanup process is completed you will
see a slight difference in the used
space of your local disk C ok now close
this PC now the sixth step is disable
animations so for that again go to
control panel by your charms box
settings control panel and then go to
system and security and then go to
system
after does go to advanced system
settings now close this system window
and in system properties under
performance click on settings now select
custom I have disabled some animations
after doing this click OK
okay now the 7th and last step is scan
and update so now go to your start click
on this down arrow and then search for
Windows Defender now click on Windows
Defender now click on scan now and go to
update tab and click on Update button
after the scanning process and the
update completes then close Windows
Defender and go to charms bar settings
over and restart your computer after
restarting your computer you will see
better results in the performance of
your PC so this was my tutorial on how
to make faster your windows 8.1 PC if
it's helpful so don't forget to hit the
like button if you have any questions or
queries ask in comment below and don't
forget to subscribe thank you